9p3 Clarification (#21)
CarterKoala/wca-regulations-wrc: wca-guidelines.md

- 9f4+) [CLARIFICATION] The result of an attempt should be a DNF if the competitor began the attempt by indicating that they are ready (see [Regulation A3b2](regulations:regulation:A3b2)) but the attempt was disqualified.
- 9f5+) [CLARIFICATION] The result of an attempt is DNS if the competitor was eligible for the attempt and did not start it (see [Regulation A3b2](regulations:regulation:A3b2)). If the competitor did not qualify for an attempt (e.g. in a Cutoff Round), they have no result for the attempt.
- 9p2+) [CLARIFICATION] Result refers to the single or average that determines the ranking of the corresponding round.

> - 9p3+) [CLARIFICATION] Non-qualifying competitors that make the round may withdraw, allowing the next best-ranked competitor to take their spot. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 9p3+) [CLARIFICATION] Non-qualifying competitors that make the round may withdraw, allowing the next best-ranked competitor to take their place. 
```
"Spot" is a little informal.

Reviewer 2: > Non-qualifying competitors that make the round

It's unclear to me what this means. Competitors make the next round if and only if they qualify. It's not possible to make the next round without qualifying.

> Fix ambiguity regarding if the n+2th person can compete if n+1 drops out, etc.

I think it's already clear that if N drops out, N+1 can compete (becoming a "qualifying competitor"). If they drop out, we just repeat the same process again, and 9p3+ isn't necessary.

The question from the Slack thread isn't answered yet. What happens if the best non-qualifying competitor isn't present? Also, the way the guideline is currently written it changes the precedent set in `Manchester Summer - British Blind Off 2022`. If the last two competitors are tied and allowing both to compete breaks the 25% rule, it is currently not possible for one of them to drop out in order to allow the other one to compete (because non-qualifying competitors _can't_ drop out of anything). This guideline allows non-qualifying competitors to drop out too if I understand it correctly. Is that intentional?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 9p3+) [CLARIFICATION] If a non-qualifying competitor would replace a qualifying competitor in this way, they may also withdraw, allowing the next best-ranked competitor to take their place.
```
I think this clarifies wording a bit, and doesn't clash with the previous decision, but could still be considered redundant. There seems to be enough confusion around this topic it may be helpful.

Author: @Jobarion To me, Hex's newest suggestion addresses your concerns, but let me know if you think otherwise
